all right Scottie woods take her back to
earth we can't do it captain
we haven't got the par okay we'll take
her to Mars then we can't do it captain
we haven't got the power
damn it Scotty fly her in to Uranus then
my anus sir
damn it Scotty you know I'm talking
about the planet and not your butthole
we can't do it get them don't tell me
don't tell me because we haven't got the
pole you took the words right out of my
mouth
captain listen Scotty I'm an American
not numeric can't actually I'm a
Canadian so let me rephrase that I'm a
Canadian not a can't alien well I'm a
stuffed and that rhymes with nut listen
Scotty we're gonna take the next hour
and talk about your attitude I don't
know how much longer I can put up with
this level of pessimism we can't do it
captain we haven't got the hour I guess
you're right it's just about quitting
time so we'll go down to the bar and
have a whiskey sour
we can't do it captain we haven't got
the sod okay then
we'll just go to the kitchen and bake up
some bread for ourselves we can't do it
captain we haven't got the floor listen
Scotty I've had just about all I can
take from you so this is what we're
gonna do we're gonna go to the highest
point in the ship and I'm gonna gently
push you over the ledge until you go
plummeting to your death we can't do it
captain we haven't got the time okay
Scotty I give up now when I turn around
just blast me in the back of the head
with your laser gun I can't do it
captain I haven't got the BA okay folks
that's the show for this week
please join us
next week when we try to get spot to
lighten up a little bit on the logic
stuff we can't do it get them put a sock
in it study see you next week folks
you